Conversation 1:
Fish is the important resources of human world wide for the commercial and subsistence fish hunts the fish in the wild fisheries. Freshwater fish only drink water through the skin via Osmosis, Saltwater fish drink water through the mouth. Google provides online related services and products, which includes online ads, search engine and cloud computing.

Conversation 2:
Do you know that he popularized many phrases  Yes like good riddance, in my heart of hearts and such  Yes and then he also invented names like Jessica, Olivia and Miranda Yes. Ballet dancer go through 4 pairs of shoes a week Yes that is a lot of shoes and also a lot of money Yeah true. Yes and they smile more when they hit the beat Yeah they are much smarter than we give them credit for True Did you know Jackson had a patent on a dancing device?

Conversation 3:
Hey what's up do use Google very often?I really love the company and was surprised to hear that it was founded back in 1998. i think everyone must use it daily! i guess thats where the phrase "cat nap" comes from Oh yeah I guess so ha ha. The current CEO is Sundar Pichai, i didnt know Larry Page was replaced Oh yeah I didn't know that either.

Conversation 4:
I know that Michael Jackson was a fantastic dancer but can you tell me more about his patent shoes if you don't mind. I heard that some professional ballet dancer can go through four pairs of shoes in a week. Gotta go get my Bruce Lee on, the martial arts part...  definitely not the dance.

Conversation 5:
Yes they go through 4 pairs in a single week Yeah that is a lot of shoes and also a lot of money Yeah. Babies are also really good at dancing when they hear music Yes and they smile more when they hit the beat Yeah pretty cute. Yes terms like, good riddance, in my heart of heart and such Yes.

Conversation 6:
a google search takes more computing power than sending astronauts tot he moon And before on Google moon they used to use cheese for close ups! People say it is a great place to work at though  Before Google launched gmail, that was the name of a free email service offered by garfield's website. Another fun thing Google does is call new employees nogglers.

Conversation 7:
I know that comic book legend Stan Lee used to end every phone conversation with "excelsior!" Did you know that Michigan State University library has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world? The Marvel cinematic universe takes place in earth -199999, a multiverse different from the original comic book multiverse, earth-616!

Conversation 8:
They are saying space pulls galaxies outside of universe that we could see  Yes that is what I was saying, albeit I doubt that there is only one electron in the universe like some people say. Saying there is only 1 electron in the universe is like saying there is 1 grain of wheat in your bread. Maybe they did mean to say that our universe is contained in an electron in another universe ?

Conversation 9:
Can you also believe that George Lucas' wife at the time, Marcia, won an academy award for her editing on Star Wars and yet George Lucas didn't win an academy award for directing. I vaguely recall reading something in the Star Wars fictional universe where a young Han Solo stayed with Chewbacca and his mom in their home. Isn't it also funny James Earl Jones only spent two and half hours recording his lines for Darth Vader?

Conversation 10:
I don't think a black swallower fish would be good as a companion pet either because it can eat prey twice its length! Yep, but I don't know if walking a gecko would give the same health benefits as walking a dog Probably not. That would be a good thing to know, especially because some of them make good pets.

Conversation 11:
There are several companies offering DNA testing, and each seems to offer a different way of handling client privacy DNA matches could be connected via social media. I think its sad to have to part with a pet due to allergies and couple conflict like in the Dear Amy section. A pet or companion animal is an animal kept primarily for a person's company, protection, or entertainment.

Conversation 12:
Yes, 20 quintillion, can you believe that?Wow I do not even know how many zeros are in that number  lol, I know, I guess  the US have more tigers as pets than living wild in Asia. that is a such a cool fact, we are still evolving so maybe it will eventually go away  lol, interesting to know the loch ness monster is a protected species. yeah did you know we use them to figure out stufffor ourselves  Yes interesting,  How about the first cloned cat named copy cat?

Conversation 13:
Two of the most popular pets are dogs and cats I have dogs and used to have cats too but dogs are my favorite. The first cloned pet was a cat and its name was copy cat  That's interesting and a little funny. 84 per cent of genes known to be associated with human diseases have counterparts in the zebrafish I have a beagle and a border collie.

Conversation 14:
how about the loch ness monster being protected under the Scottish 1912 protection of animals act. Tell me about it apparently there are more U.S. Tigers living as pets than there are living in the wild in Asia. Fascinating, yes loch ness is protected and pets in Boulder, Colorado are not owned, but guarded.

Conversation 15:
haha ya I like that, what is also wild to me is that there are more domesticated tigers living as pets than there are wild tigers living around asia  Wow, that is weird and sad. haha ya, well I am like the black swallower fish, I could eat a salmon twice my height and ten times my weight because I love it Funny. no we used to have a dog but we were only watching her for a bit and the owner took her away, we had lots of pets as kids though like iguanas and rabbits and such  In Boulder, Colorado you cannot own a pet.

Conversation 16:
I just think it's cool that hiccups are relics of When Animals had both lungs and gills, so next time you have the hiccups think about that LOL Does that mean putting a bag over your head while hiccupping may cause you to de-evolve? Maybe some people have the black swallower fish disease, because black swallow fish Can Eat Prey twice their length and 10 times their weight haha  Haha. Haha well different animals are definitely worth different amounts, I don't think a mosquito is worth anything LOL.

Conversation 17:
Maybe ill check into how well this Alden guy does in the role  He did a good job, but Han Solo was already young in the 1977 movie, I think it impacted negatively the movie. Yeah it is the one, so Han Solo is not played by Harrison Ford, does it affect your opinion of the movie ? And good storytelling, like how Hans Solo seems to understand Chewie's intentions, but not his words.

Conversation 18:
I'm originally from the UK so I guess most people would associate me with a bowler hat, but never really worn any type of hat. Or maybe we could give it to Mr West next time he wants to speak his mind to us. Well, you may be on the other side of the fence but I like neither Kanye nor Trump.

Conversation 19:
Did you know that until 1998 British politicians were required to wear a top hat if they were making a point of order? I don't like them on myself but I know a lot of people that can pull them off. I noticed the different hats in the military but did not know it had to do with rank.

Conversation 20:
a sample on keyboard doesn't count ;) I'm thinking you haven't heard much more than whats on the radio then  Maybe You're right, I don't want to argue ;) not my cup of tea though :) I'm more of a blues fan. I heard something but I'm not really following his offspring :) I saw that they are using a surrogate and only paying 70k. Maybe except Black Country Communion... great band Can't say I know them!

Conversation 21:
I love how people think the cowboy hat was the most popular in the old west, yet it was really the bowler. Did you know that up until 1998 politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point of order in the House of Commons? My brother used to love Rugrats when he was little, I only found out recently, that Busta Rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the movie.

Conversation 22:
It is so surprising to me that it took that long for two women senators to protest by wearing pants on the senate floor. One of the senators tried to escape and was carried feet first into the senate chamber by three officers! I've heard somewhere that the people of Ancient Athens came to the conclusion that elections would lead to an oligarchy.

Conversation 23:
He scored then big time because the entire Star Wars franchise is estimated to $65 billion dollars! 20th Century Fox did not think that Star Wars was going to succeed. Just the box office alone the Star Wars franchise has brought in over $8.5 billion dollars!

Conversation 24:
I feel like I would never be able to catch up on sleep during that time lol. That classic line at the end of the first movie delivered by the replicant was actually improvise by the actor. Blade runner was the last sci-fi movie to be made completely analog, that is there were no computerized graphics.

Conversation 25:
Like a cat named Hank, third place in Virginia senate election Oh my goodness! Now I'm going to think about them going thru that drawer full of milky ways . Good to know the astronauts in space can vote too!

Conversation 26:
Did you know that Since 1900, the taller candidate has won the us presidential election 75% of the time? Yeah I think the Nevada voting laws are quite odd. The voter turnout for us presidential elections hasn't breached 62.8% in the last 100 years!

Conversation 27:
And even though we don't have to go to a forest full of lions, voter turnout for US presidential elections has not reached 62.8 percent in the last 100 years. Yeah, the Indian government set up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for one voter, that is pretty neat. Indian government sets up a polling booth in a  forest that is full of lions for just one voter.

Conversation 28:
In istanbul they have installed water and food dispensers for dogs Yes and all you have to do is feed it plastic bottles Yes such a genius idea and it helps everyone involved I know. And the original title of the movie was the Snow Queen  Yes but they changed it because feminine titles do not seem to do well, so sad That is sad and it is just the mentality that we have to work hard to change Yup agreed. Elsa was the main villain in the original script of the movie Yes but the let it go song was too uplifting to keep her as the villain Yes.

Conversation 29:
Me too, I have lost interest playing before I have lost interest in buy them so I have a backlog of a few games that reminds me  not to buy the next console. But I find it really interesting, full of small details, like managers wear a uniform so they could replace a player if they need to. Yes, but video are viewed more negatively than TV, that is why you have legislation in some countries limiting the time played by children.

Conversation 30:
lol  Jose Canseco claims to hold the record for longest softball homerun at 622 feet. Up until 2005 a married couple scheduled all 2430 major league baseball games played each year for 24 years! On May 11, 1991 Creighton hosted Utah in the longest softball game in NCAA history lasting 31 innings!

Conversation 31:
Dogs are awesome, I think anyway, they have like 12 different blood types and apparently there are dog blood drives that exist I wonder how the dogs are rewarded at the drive. There's a song that all the little kids were saying called"Let It Go and I guess it's based on the Hans Christian Andersen fairy tale called the snow queen HC wrote so many great stories. Apparently the villain used to sing that song I mentioned, Let It Go, but the song was so happy that they changed the character that's good thinkg.

Conversation 32:
I can also understand wanting to leave when there are gang members on every corner and your little one is just starting school  Yes, I understand that. It just really sucks that even after his executive order ending the separation reuniting families is still so difficult  Yes, I know. It's terrible to know that the kids were heard wailing and asking for their family members.

Conversation 33:
Did you know there are 12 different blood types that a dog may have and dog can donate blood at dog blood drives! Me too, Mysteries or psychological thrillers are great, but animated is one of my favs to watch with kiddos although everyone knows Minnie mouse did you know minnie is short for minerva?! produced by Walt Disney Animated Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.

Conversation 34:
However, I always have difficulties to hit a ball hahaha  maybe you should go to the show you can get a medal Maybe Medal would be too much significant achievement. lol  I guess its where the hall of famers meet, At first I thought it said hall of farmers, lol Ok. Maybe I will just go to the fanfest and try the Pitching tunnels, can you throw well Ok. Do you watch or play any sport?

Conversation 35:
It's interesting that the softball is bigger than a baseball because it is about 12 in in circumference, I've never played softball but that seems like a really big ball lol  Yah, it's quite a bit larger than a baseball for sure, I've never seen a softball video game though, have you? I'm just glad that we called him video games and not their original name which was the cathode ray tube Amusement device LOL  I like video game a lot more than Cathode Ray Tube Amusement Devices lol, dang military always overcomplicating things. I do know that they did a study and apparently as a planet we play about 3 billion hours of video games a week so I definitely should be playing more perhaps haha  I could definitely see that.

Conversation 36:
Imagine being the racist judge who tried to ban a comic book because of a black guy in it. I cannot believe people want to upload their minds to computers! I wonder if it runs on water like the Russians did in 1936?

Conversation 37:
not a lot of people seems to vote though since less than 63 people go out and vote  Isn't that pretty sad, I guess it hasn't breached that 63% barrier in the last 100 years! hahaa I really wonder if that has any correlation with how people perceive the candidates  Yeah I guess it must, because that is just way too high to just be chance. Yeah I don't think that would work very well, but then again, maybe it would work better, who knows.

Conversation 38:
Wow, I bet that poem required a lot creativity, wrtting a poem with completely different meanings, oposing genres, genius  There is one guy that wrote a poem of over 220 words in palindrome (where it is the same backwards and forwards -- like "nurses run")! That sounds really racist, theres a wiki rank of fictional characters according to power and abilities,  I wonder who is the strongest hero  Maybe like a Superman type or Hercules? I have a mac and I dont smoke but its good  to know, seems kind of random to void a warranty because of that,   Maybe they should have tried to make a water-based computer, which apparently the Russians were able to make in 1936.

Conversation 39:
I kind of like reading things that are not based on history or facts. Kind of amazing someone built a working computer using only the mine craft building blocks. Apple computer's seem to be quite sensitive because if you smoke near an Apple Computer it voids the warranty.

Conversation 40:
The author of game of thrones despises fan fiction because he says it is copyright infringement and not a good exercise for aspiring writers. I think it's so funny authors used have to write on old typewriters. Most of the character names were taken out of an old Icelandic poem called dvergatal.

Conversation 41:
Yeah I only know a little bit, I do know that because they have no bones on land, a sharks weight would crush its own body. Yeah they do, do you know that the US postal service has a contract with Amazon to deliver on Sundays? No, I don't, but I know there are different kind of sharks and they behave in different ways.

Conversation 42:
No, I did know that Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years, though. Did you know that the horse has evolved over the past 45 to 55 million years from a small multi-toed creature, Eohippus, into the large single-toed animal of today? Did you know horses are able to sleep standing up and lying down?

Conversation 43:
Hm.. Yeah I know that smoking near them, just really clogs everything up, kind of taking dust and mixing it with the tarry nicotine and it creates a huge mess and can break a computer and completely stop the fans and such, but bio-hazard? I have some interesting fan fiction in my head, just like Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction of Hercules and Oedipus. I agree with you, though, there is still progress to be made, and I think reading diverse fiction and poetry can help people see things from other perspectives.

Conversation 44:
Good idea, I love horses, Guess you can't ride your horses to school on, no vehicle day or you can get suspended. You would have never guessed since he rode like hundreds of them! Oh I know I saw that two high school students did that!

Conversation 45:
I found interesting that there is a building named after the first amazon.com customer  I heard they're considering Washington as a place for their 2nd HQ, wherever they put the building is going to get a huge boost! Amazon seems to have a lot of power, they have a contract with the post-office to make sure our packages get delivered even on Sunday! I sure have, did you know Amazon contributed 38 billion to the city of Seattle's economy just by being there?

Conversation 46:
Did you know North Dakotas governor declared martial law in 1934 and seceded from the U.S  I did not know about this fact. DId you know there hasn't been a president that wasn't a republican or democrat since 1853 Very interesting. Do you think someone will run against Trump on the republican ballot next time?

Conversation 47:
yeah Clinton was not a good husband but he was a pretty darn good president, I will never understand why his personal life mattered to so many people, and then when it looks like we have an actual traitor in the seat no one seems to care. I am not sure anyone can take Trump down at this point, with all the rumored election rigging and ties to Russia, I personally think he will just cheat to win again and no one will do anything about it, just like these last 4 years. Bill Clinton cheated on his wife and every one through a fit and started impeachment proceedings, but Trump supposedly gets away with treason and it really grinds my gears.

Conversation 48:
When Schwarzenegger was governor of California he did not live in Sacramento and commuted ever day  But he did not have it rough, he travelled by private jet 3 hours each day Good for him I guess. Yeah it was for the California governor Timothy Leary in 1969 Yeah that one. Yeah he just id not want to be associated with Republicans in any way, shape or form and the dumbo is their logo Yup pretty much.

Conversation 49:
It sure seems like a lot longer, so elections are really important Im just glad we have that choice many countries dont  Very true, which is why it is surprising election turnout hasnt gotten above 63%  And thats how we end up with leaders like Trump lol, also the taller candidate wins 75% of the time, interesting stat So we need to find someone taller than him for 2020. I think one of the best governors is Schwarzenegger would be cool to have the terminator as president one day It really would1  He is a great actor but also a great politician, he has done a lot for California and is a really popular guy  He really has. Sounds like a really busy guy, anyways its time for lunch, its been great chatting with you but Im taking a break, thanks a lot

Conversation 50:
There was only one governor who opposed internment of japanese people in ww2  yeah, during wartime it is hard to stop people from acting on hate. Yea I think so too, our governor is republican but not a far right one. i think that the far right is usually in the south.

